---
title: Milkshake and burger in redneck city
date: 2022-06-16
---

Got up around 0630 and packed up. Did a calm and collected walk down to the town with Running Bird. That was very enjoyable, but the last 10km on tarmac road was not. Got to tge cafe/market/post office and got the lounged for burger and strawberry milkshake. Running Birds husband came to pick her up, as she finished the PCT here. And he brought three hikers that had skipped the section from Etna to Seiad. Fear of snow apparently. What’s that all about? Two Germans and an American. They have been out now for a hundred days. And it shows. Super skinny, dirty and tanned.

While the three young ones headed off towards Ashland, Bill (Noose) and I sit in the most rednecky camping ground in California drinking beer. He is a retired section hiker that refuses to walk in the rain. Forecast is two days of rain with temperatures down to 2C.

I thought about doing laundry. But that cost several quarters. And when I test smelled myself, it smelled like roses, so I will do some washing at the next stop. Apparently bears are attracted to perfume anyway.

Breakfast at the cafe tomorrow morning!

Update: the owner of the rv park came by. Interesting perspectives. He is sluicing for gold in the nearby Klamanth river. Well not anymore because of the fishing department prohibiting it, but finally all the hours watching Gold diggers on Discovery paid off. If you watch Discovery you can hold an intelligent conversation about anything! Interesting to hear how they have the same conflicts with wolves straying in from outside terrorities as we have in Norway. 

Then Bill tells me he lost his wife to the opioid “epedemic”. Then later drops the fact that his son died of leukemia just before that. And my biggest complaint is that I am too drunk to find my tooth brush. Perspectives.

{{< gallery dir=images/2022-06-16 />}}