---
title: Leaving town life
date: 2022-06-08
---

Km: 29km
Lizards: hundreds

Slept fitfully again last night (scratch that garmin gives me a sleep score of 82 and a body battery of 90/100). Guess I am no longer made for the indoor life (yeah right). Walked over to Starbucks for breakfast just after 0600. Quite a few “backpackers” loitering around. On closer examination there is little to distinguish me and other homeless. California is according the news on of the worst states for homelessness. :-(

After a cheese sandwich and a latte I walked over to the bus stop, and after a short wait got picked up by the free shuttle bus. A few other vagrants joined along the route too. Smelling bad should be the least of my worries. 

The climb from the I-5 was quite arduous. After first passing through the forest it rose up into more open and alpine landscape. Which is what I like, but with the sun baking me from above, combined with optimizing water carriage (read out of water) it was quite tough. 1500 meters ascent total today with 6 days of food.

The gnats were also out in force today, but only sometimes. Character building stuff. 

I passed a German couple still in camp (at 10 o’clock!!) today and met two American ladies with their dogs. All four were good stereotypical representatives of their countries. :-)

Laying in the tent after a joyous meal of freeze dry wondering if it was such a good idea to do this thing alone. 

The last thing Mrs M told me before leaving was to not let the beard grow. While Ms M want the opposite, a long beard which she can braid. Not sure if Mr T has an opinion. He has enough with his own upper lip down. Anyway Mrs M won this round and I am more cleanly shaved than in a decade. 

Laying here with both tent doors open, listening to Mrs M’s playlist and contemplating the view.

Good night! I am sure you are as excited as I am to find out what animal has eaten or gnawed on something mine, during the night.

{{< gallery dir=images/2022-06-08 />}}