---
title: Ashland zero
date: 2022-06-19
---

Woke up, had the rest of the granola I carried from Etna and was on the trail at 0650. Just 50 minutes after Zeb. 

Today was just to get down to Callahan Lodge for breakfast. Just 13km down the valley. Easy and fast trail. 

When there, hot a small uninteresting breakfast from a waitress who could in many ways have been better suited for the job. 

This morning I noticed a bull’s eye tick bite, so going to the local health clinic. Mostly as an exercise in testing the US health system. 

Zeb got the remaining tuna packets, extra charge from my power bank and we said our farewells as he was continuing north with 30 miles each and every day.

Done about 11% of the trail now. More if we subtract the 150 miles fire closure north in Oregon.

Sitting outside the laundry room at the Ashland Best Western waiting for my clothes to dry.

Will I get back on the trail or will I go home? You will get to know in next episode of “Ole does America”. 

## At the health clinic 

Testing out the US health system. Got called in immediately for a pre-check. Weight, blood pressure and all that. By the nurse Brian who of course had hiked the AT and also lived in Idyllwild, another city along the PCT.

While waiting outside without a mask on, chatting to a school teacher also waiting, one older guy comes out proudly announcing he is Covid positive, while taking his mask off. As soon as the teacher left with her Covid suspect partner an old man asks me for help. He cannot start his car, so he asks me to get into the front seat to give it a try. With his dog in the back. While the dog licks my ear I twist the steering wheel a little and that makes the key go around and car started. Today’s hero as usual. Running bird suggested I should take the trail name Mr. Perfect.

Then I got an sms to see the doctor, who shakes my hand “old school” and does think the tick bites are typical Lyme disease candidates. Being in America he uses the chance to give me a tetanus shot and some doxycycline anyway. 10% if you pay straight away. 350USD thank you very much.

Brian also asked if I smoked tobacco, and I said I didn’t, nor weed. And he replied “if you want to try you can buy it just down the street”. Legalized here. :-)

Now in an American cafe. Where the waitress sat down in my booth, complemented me on my shirt (also a lady in the shopping mall did) and we talked about train rides in the US. And I got her favorite sandwich. 

{{< gallery dir=images/2022-06-19 />}}