---
title: Alpine Sunburn 
date: 2022-06-09
---

Woke up to a stunning sunset at 0530, but didn’t get going before half seven. Path climbed up a little bit more and then stayed between 2000 and 2300 meters all day. Alpine terrain with all these beautiful small lakes scattered around. Had lunch at Porcupine lake where I had a good chat with two retired guys who were out on a little walkabout.

The terrain changes dramatically dependent on I am guessing facing direction, geology, water. In places there is dense spruce, fir, pine forest. Then there Yosemite style granite and other places dry barren like in a desert. 

Now I am camped at Deadfall lakes at 2214m. Looking up on mount Eddy (named after the famous British ski junper?) at 9026 feet.

I didn’t listen to Alun and wore my sungloves, so my hands are sunburned as are my legs. Too bad I didn’t bring trousers. A couple of people fishing here, and a retired lady on her first backpacking trip, hiking to Seiad in one go with ten days of food. 

29.7km today, which were quite easy, but poor sleep and missing home made it mood wise lackluster. Definitely most beautiful day hiking so far though.

According to my stats I have already hiked 9.8% of the phase 1 from Burney Falls to Canada. So I just have to do this last week 9 more times. :-)

Planning to get to Etna by Sunday night so a 23 mile say tomorrow. The plan (tm) is to wake up at 0530, pack up, grab a few granola bars and just walk. Then do breakfast further down the trail. Sun is rough between 1200 and 1500, so I will try to get 10 miles in before 10am. 

{{< gallery dir=images/2022-06-09 />}}