---
title: A lot of worry for nothing 
date: 2022-06-14
---

Woke up at 6, had a shower and went outside, where I hitched a ride the 400m to the coffee shop with Robert. He bought me a scone at the bakery, and refused to let me buy him a coffee at the coffee shop. I said farewell to Robert who was dsy hiking up by Porcupine lake today. Got a massive breakfast burrito and when that was done Jaclyn from the motel came by to take me to the trail head. 

We had a nice chat along the way. Sterling woman. So far today I walked by a tent where my “good morning” solicited no reply. Presumably the occupant died by CO poisoning from his camping stove. A few minutes later I catch up with Jill and Sarah who just started and are hiking into Oregon. Unless they go way too slow I guess I will see them again.

Then I met Jürgen from Austria, started at Callahan lodge. He could calm my nerves, that there were no snow to worry about between here and Seiad Valley. He had quite a thick Austrian accent (not at all sounding like that other mustached fella, so it is possible that he meant the exact opposite. 

Sitting by a brook eating my bakery lunch. A deer just came up, peaked around my backpack and stood eating 3 meters away for a while.

Seven hours later: In tent after 39km. Another deer family has taken a liking to me. The snow was far less problematic than expected. Jürgen might have sandbagged a little, but the American girl I met much later said it was a ton of snow. Well…

With a 25 mile day tomorrow I am all set for Seiad Valley resupply on Thursday. Both heels have started aching so will play by ear. 

Fantastic weather today. Cool crisp air, blue skies. Perfect walking weather. Might be below zero tonight so I should probably have the water filter in the sleeping bag. 


{{< gallery dir=images/2022-06-14 />}}