---
title: Shasta
date: 2022-06-06
---

Two 30k+ days had left me with a sore tendon on the front of tge left leg. Hopefully I haven’t overdone it. Popped a selection from my pills cabinet (Brexidol, Ibuprofen, Apocillin and Imodium) and didn’t feel a twinge for the rest of tge day.

Today I finally got some views. The trail climbed up around 700m and opened up to some amazing views onto Shasta. I also got cell coverage so had a break with a video chat with the family. The small one was mostly concerned about how to get approval for her Appstore purchases. :-)

And I sww a bear! Probably a cub as it was relatively small; running away from me on the trail. I didn’t want to meet mama bear, so I sang Old MacDonald had a farm at full volume. Then a minute later I met Ghost the one and only hiker met on the trail today. He was too polite to comment on my singing voice. Strangely he had not seen any bears. We had a long chat and he had some harrowing tales of hiking across the snow north of Seiad.

Then got down to I-5 and the third car stopped and took me to Shasta. Quickly understood Bob’s advice on never talk about anything on the taboo list. As just as we were pulling into Shasta I got to hear about mainstream media etc etc. Luckily that was my stop.

Got a 15% PCT hiker discount at the motel and enjoyed both the views of Shasta and the town’s best burger. Might hang around here tor another day just to let my legs recover a little more. Shasta city is a but of a hippie town so smoke a joint and attend a yoga class perhaps?

While working on this:
https://open.spotify.com/track/3dZO1LEcuCwuM3aMWgPEpR?si=9MpHeKUHQf--8QWqNnK2nQ

Thanks Karl!

{{< gallery dir=images/2022-06-06 />}}