---
title: By the pool holiday 
date: 2022-06-20
---

Binged on Netflix. Had two machine made pancakes for breakfast. Walked over to get my tick medicine for the grand total of $4.95. Then walked around Ashland a bit, cleaned gear, and hung out by the pool.

Now at the Mexican restaurant drinking Margaritas and eating fajitas.

Did go to the hotel gym. Three weeks where only upper body exercise was to pole propel myself up hills and lift the backpack… combined with a huge calorie deficiency. Good thing my love of my life isn’t in it for my hunkness. Got the best calves in the business though. 

In the lack of mental fortitude, go home early division. I applied to a trail crew on the CDT in Colorado! Not heard back yet. 

PS: In other news. As I have had numerous fan requests of more shitting in the woods details. By popular demand here you go. With the practice of outdoor bidet, the total use of toilet paper is so far less than ten sheets. Search for Andrew Skurka “outdoor bidet” on youtube. I have found that an ice axe is the perfect tool as a third supporting leg while squatting. It also can be used as an effective toilet trowel. It may be advisable for a noob to remove all legwear. Also to find a site with the proper decline, as well as view. I prefer a combination of wildflowers, waterfalls and glaciers. For the exact cleaning part, use your water bottle with a “sports” cap, while being meticulous to not get any cross contamination. While applying water ensure you use your designated cleaning finger (I prefer the right hand middle for this purpose) to thoroughly clean while applying water. About 150ml should be plenty. Optionally use one sheet of paper to dry yourself, and the designated finger. Make sure that the paper does not disintegrate and leave any residue. That will result in chafing. Then apply plenty of vaseline to keep the whole operation moving smoothly. Remember not to greet people or eat snacks with designated finger. 


{{< gallery dir=images/2022-06-20 />}}